hey I'm back long time no see first of
all I want to thank all my new
subscribers I think I just hit over like
16,000 so that is exciting and you all
know that you've been following me for a
while that I always reply to all my
comments but YouTube change something
and I cannot reply individually so don't
think i'm ignoring you i'm not i just
can't reply I did something haven't
figured it out yet ah but if you follow
me on Facebook you notice that I posted
that I was going to cut some bangs so
this is the before so this is how my
hair looks this is the before they're
here and I don't know quite yet what I'm
going to do or how I'm going to cut on
but I am getting ready cuddle I'm not
gonna do it on film I'm just I just
wanted you to see the before and then
I'll come back for the actor I know I
don't want to sound like I'm in a rush
but i think my battery is dying because
i did not charge it before i decide to
do this video but i will be back to show
you the actor I'm not scared to cut
veins when I was relaxed I used to cut
my banks all the time blunt swooped
layered I did it also i know how to cut
bangs i have really good hair cutting
scissors so off I go i'll be back when
they're finished season minute i am back
in their cut and i love them of course
they're not really defined because I cut
them dry and frizz them out but I really
like the look it gives you a totally
bangs just give you a totally different
look and I have always I mean I wore
bangs all the time I was the thing queen
I cut like I said I cut my own bangs I'm
when I was relaxed so I knew exactly
what to do how I wanted them but I just
hope I don't get to scissor happy
because I used to do that when I was
relaxed but yeah I really like I'm i
can't wait until i rewrite my hair
tonight and then take it out in the
morning and see how it's going to look
as more defined so remember where they
were they were down here so i just cut
them i have to remember that I need
stay just to the end of my bottom lip
but as always thanks for watching and
again welcome to all my new subscribers
and i'm trying i'm going to try to post
more videos I jack I just got to figure
out where I want to take my channel so
if you have any ideas posted below and
it gives always thanks for watching to
the next video see you later